[OUDS] feat: Add "Elevation" tokens, utilities and documentation - new version (#2741)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/0.0/customize/custom-libraries.md

The [`scss/tokens/_semantic.scss`]({{< param repo >}}/blob/v{{< param current_version >}}-ouds-web/scss/tokens/_semantic.scss) file contains all the semantic tokens. Unlike raw tokens, these are intended to be used directly in projects. They are built on raw tokens, assigning them semantic meaning through media queries or specific contexts. These tokens are ready to be applied either in utilities or directly within components. The names of these tokens are not intended to be modified for a custom library, only the link between a token and its value defined by a raw token.

> Some semantic tokens are grouped into maps to simplify their transformation into helpers by the utilities API. These maps are defined in the [`scss/_ouds-maps.scss`]({{< param repo >}}/blob/v{{< param current_version >}}-ouds-web/scss/_ouds-maps.scss) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some semantic tokens are grouped into maps to simplify their transformation into helpers or utilities via the utilities API. These maps are defined in the [`scss/_ouds-maps.scss`]({{< param repo >}}/blob/v{{< param current_version >}}-ouds-web/scss/_ouds-maps.scss) file.
```
